And everyone, welcome back.
And this is the third interesting problem.
Of course, the borders seem to cross inward and.
Of the titles are of two types.
The first tiles one grows today, and of course this can be rotated horizontally or vertically.
And similarly we have L-shaped.
This can also be rotated in whatever way you want to fill it full.
Now.
Yeah, well, let's write effen, which is simple that.
Number of ways.
Of of course by the video of yourself and then we can move on f any number of ways of telling.
The above two gross and bold.
Great and cool.
So what will be F and equal to case?
Here I can again applying the same approach with the first column.
We do that in minus one, or by applying one day vertically there to cross one delayed or this is by
applying to cross one vertically, writing everything again and again, taking a process by placing
those horizontally.
Right?
So this is this one.
This is this one F in minus two.
And let's find out the.
Use of plates.
As I've already always said.
But I've always said it.
Try and fill the first column only.
If I fill the first column, will the LTE obtained and what I'll get.
Let me quickly draw this.
This is the type.
And here you can see we have a different structure over here.
We don't have a complete F and we have a fin.
I mean, we have this, this is nothing but F and minus two, right?
But with this what we have, we have an additional empty square.
Eight.
So how will you use this additional empty?
What I will do is I will create another state.
And I'll call it the number of ways.
Dialing.
To cross and board.
It.
One.
Additional.
On the first row, on the top row.
Okay.
So basically what I mean is.
If I if I can just imagine that this red part is not there.
Let's see.
This red part is not there.
So how will it look like?
It will look like something like this.
Right.
And, ah, let's see that this is.
This much is in light of what is a number of ways of tackling this, and it will be called the gene
because its its implicit the genetic code, a number of ways of telling to cross and boot.
So this is a to cross and.
Right.
This is a two gross and board with one additional square on the top table.
I hope you got this.
What is G?
And don't get confused by G and minus one and minus two or something.
The end is nothing, but you cross in empty and one additional square on the top left.
Basically.
I hope it's clear.
So tell me if this is equal to G and.
Right.
The end is no square then.
If I place this L-shaped, I like this.
What?
We like it.
I will simply get.
G off and minus two.
Because if this is an.
If this isn't.
Of course this isn't right.
But then this much will be.
And minus two.
And I have one additional square here, so I'll simply say Giovanni minus two, like the limit in the
middle phase of filling this particular area, which is nothing but G of n minus two.
We've already seen this.
I hope this is very clear.
Eight.
Now.
This was one way of placing the L2 right.
The second way of placing the L2 can be I mean, the other way of filling the first column.
Everything is dependent on the first column.
The different ways in which you can fill the first call.
Let me.
So this.
Who can I fill the first column in this very.
I mean, it's l but it's rotated.
So if I rotate it clockwise, then I'll get this right.
So in this way, also, I can fill the first column and it's also a different approach.
Similarly, what I can see is.
As you can see, this is not in play.
This is not G.
And why?
Because GM say audiences that disquiet should be extended to appropriate.
Here this quiet is extra on the bottom line.
So this quiet is extra on the bottom row.
Let's call it edging.
The in one way or the other gene will be equal to it.
And.
Right.
Because if I rotate the whole board, right, the number of ways will be seen.
Of course, the way we look at it is different, but the number of ways DNA is will be equal to it.
But let me quickly add, I it.
Yeah.
What is it, John?
Okay, before this, let me provide some space.
Right.
And let me add in here at the end, it's nothing but a number of ways of tiling to cross n board with
one additional square on the bottom row.
Hate mail.
Gays.
If I place a title this way, then if it is.
And then what?
Then how?
How much is this?
This is and minus.
Similarly, if I want to fill this area.
Which is to Grassland Bird with one additional square on the bottom row, then it becomes edge in rate
and he and minus two.
Then it becomes edge of N minus two.
Let me quickly write it again.
It is edge off and minus eight.
I hope all these four different values are clear.
Right?
Let's go over it again.
My first one was by placing one vertical.
The second one is placing two vertical tiles associated to horizontal tiles.
Third one is placing L and the fourth one is placing them by rotating nature in all four.
I am just filling the first column is remember this, I'm filling the first column completely.
Is there any other way in which I can fill the first column completely?
No.
Otherwise I can think of.
Now we have got this, which is.
We have got to secure the village.
And in terms of G and edge, where we can see that.
Geof and will be equal to edge often because of.
The placement of is different that means and and in the digital but in a number of ways will be seen
later.
Even if it does one one extra cell here or one extra cell over here.
It's kind of the same thing.
If I had ordered, it would becomes the same thing, right?
So the number of bills will be same.
I'm just converting this and often in do nothing but F and minus one plus F and minus two plus doing
into g.
Off and minus two.
I hope this is very clear.
Let's call it equation one.
Eight and yeah.
Let me quickly copy this at me pasted over here.
And now we will try and find the values of Jian eight.
You.
As I said, what is GMG and is nothing but a number of ways of telling to growth and goodwill.
One additional square on the table.
So for our sake, you understand the value of Jian eight.
Let's add one extra.
Kyler Murray.
One extra celery, right?
So the answer of filling all of this by using that L-shaped dial or whatever I can find is eight.
How can I find this?
It will be okay.
Let.
Let's.
This will be the answer to.
This will be often.
Let's see.
How can we find you?
And I've always told you.
Just try and fill.
What?
What will you.
Fallujah.
This train will be.
All right.
So here I can see the first column is this.
This is the first column.
So let's win this.
So the one way in which I can fill it is by placing one horizontal two across one type.
Let's place one horizontal to cross one type which will go over this.
Right.
So this is one horizontal to cross one day.
Now, guys, as you can see here.
Jian.
Converts to nothing but.
Engine minus one.
Because if this isn't, then this becomes.
And minus one.
I hope this is clear.
And I have an extra silverware here in the bottom drawer.
So this becomes agent minus one, which is nothing but G and minus one, because we know that the number
of virus in it.
This was one way of placing it, one way of filling it late.
And let's see, the second way of filling it.
The second we are filling it is by placing an L-shaped type rate.
So how can I place an L-shaped?
Alia It's place an L-shaped.
Alia Which is this?
This was the second way of filling this first column.
So how did I fill this first column?
By placing it elsewhere.
By rotating it and placing it over here.
What does this give me?
Okay.
Let me remove this for now.
Yeah.
What does this?
Give me less.
And what is this value base?
We all know it.
What shape it is.
It is just a to gross and what.
Right.
It's not the edge or a D and or edge.
And it is simple.
Evan Bayh.
So if this value, then then this becomes and -$1 and then minus one.
But what I say is it is equals to each of N, minus one plus F and minus one.
I hope the things are being cleared away.
This is important.
So this this is the value of G and simply replacing it with G.
What I'll get I'll simply get the g is nothing but g n minus one plus.
Even minus.
But hey, so now I have two variables.
So the first.
Prosecution is open, and the second aggression is Jian.
Right.
Let's figure out the best cases case.
It will be very easy.
So let's figure out the best case for what will be a40.
A number of ways of filling zero cross end, but it will be zero eight.
What will be a fourth one?
It will be nothing but.
But by placing one, they like this fate.
And what will be the U of zero?
It will be zero.
I cannot fill it.
And what will be the of one?
What will be the offerings?
It will be.
Let me make the offer.
One zero.
One means nothing but this.
Eight.
That there's one desire to cross one board with one external goal among the top.
The giovane is nothing but fun because there's only one.
One way in which I can fill this by placing an edge here and nothing else.
Eight This is f0 f1 g zero g1.
Right now.
Let's.
Ryan, could it?
Well, in the next year, children could develop in the best cases.
And we simply have the values of D and we will simply form the values of D and then will improve on
the values of AV using D and finally bring the answer.
So.
So in the next part case.
Thanks.